hello dear listeners welcome to
often case with every kilo in this video
I want to share a series of
stories described in various texts
ancient stories that make references to
flying machines flying machines
which are called priman as la
week will be some mythical machines
Hindu flying and they are described
in the ancient literature of india it
You can find references on these
artifacts including their use in
matters of war in Hindu texts
old ones could fly through the air and even
other planets these are some stories
in the old texts doing
reference to the weeks in the rhic
true the oldest text in india
of the middle of the second millennium before
Christ says that the sun god travels in
a carriage saw luminous manna which is the
own solar star other gods fly
Burmese carriages with pushed wheels
by animals usually horses
although the carriage of the Vedic god pusán
is pushed by goats in the mahabarata
3rd century before Christ - I do not know
names in the 3rd century ramayana before
Christ
rain 6th century after christ he
samaranch wins his treat to 11th century and the
vague bat hurry to 12th century are described
Burmese of different sizes and shapes
like a chariot or chariot of the gods
like a mythical air car sometimes
functioning as a mere seat or throne
fixed other times moving by itself
and loading its occupant through the
air other descriptions show the big
man more like a house or palace is
account of one that had seven floors of
specific height a little on the pages
of the Ramayana great Hindu epic poem
attributed to the poet valmiki he
find allusions to flying cars
that would have been used in the course
of the wars between the gods of
Hindu pantheon the demon Ravana possessed
pus over here I saw the flower manna
that could fly these are the allusions
of the weeks in Ramayana while
they were developing these things branch the
ka blade said to vivi sana take care
to procure a quick return to me
city ​​the road to georgia is very
difficult to travel to what he answered
vivi healthy son of monarch of the earth
I will take care that they lead you to your city
there is a car called push back to car
incomparable resplendent as the sun
and that marches by itself mounted on
that car he will drive you without worry
until I day after these words I lived
sana urgently called the car
similar to the sun accompanied by its
brother and for the illustrious bibiana
flushed the noise already mounted
he said to his rival hurry up in
the car with your generals south was going up
also with your ministers I lived healthy
monarch of the racks handles instantly
south went with the kings of the apes and
I lived healthy with his ministers full of
joy they rode in the big pus car
for here when everyone was
embarked branch ordered the vehicle that
departed and the incomparable car of
cubera rose to the very bosom of
the heavens the car was flying like a great
cloud pushed by the winds
from there, looking around
everywhere the warrior descended from radu
He said that's the half liana of the
beautiful face like the star of the night
look I see the palace of my mother I
day bow before her
my life is here back to penalties the
Hurry crowd saw them arrive
like a second sun and with so fast
March the air was torn with powerful
cries of joy released by the elderly
women and children other solutions
samaranch wins his swallow him samaranch
He earns his will be a work
encyclopedic about architecture
classic hindu astra cane written by
for low age mara who lived between
the 1000 and the thousand 55 dc in 83 chapters
they deal with issues like planning
urbanistic architecture of houses and
decorative and silent sculpture temples
different poses of the hands and
legs the canons of painting
artistic and a chapter the 31 dedicated to
the jean after machines this chapter of
the and you have attracted the attention of
the pseudosciences and the ufology in
particular the Swiss writer eric von
däniken in his book erect an andy gene
zukunft memories of the future of 1968
comments on the samaranch wins his will try
there are full chapters dedicated to
describe aircraft that spit fire and
mercury by the tail
but these descriptions not only give us the
we find in India the bible
he also makes his reference to machines
flying people spitting fire and clouds
dirigibles in the book of Psalms 68 17
the chariots of god are counted by
scores of thousands of thousands the
Lord comes from Sinai to his sanctuary in
the one who says isaiah 66 15 because here
that jehovah will come with fire and his chariots
as a whirlwind to discharge his anger
with fury and his rebuke with flame of
fire also ezequiel 115 while I
I looked at the living beings here is a
roll over the earth with the beings
living on four sides the aspect
of the wheels and his work was similar to
color of the milestone crucible and the four
They had one likeness appearance
and his work was like a wheel in the middle of
wheel when they walked they moved towards their
four sides did not turn when
they walked and their hoops were tall and
frightening and full of eyes around in
four o'clock and when the living beings
the wheels were walking with them
and when the living beings are
lifted the wheels from the earth
they raised
and look and here came from the north a wind
stormy and a big cloud with a fire
surrounding and around him a
glow and in the middle of the fire something that
it looked like glowing bronze and in
half of her the figure of four beings
living and this was his appearance had
in them likeness of man the bible
He also speaks to us in numbers 9 15 23 15
the day that the tabernacle was erected the
cloud covered the tabernacle on the
store of the testimony and in the afternoon there was
over the tabernacle as an appearance
of fire until morning 16 it was like that
continuously the cloud covered him by day and
at night the appearance of fire 17
when the cloud of the tabernacle was lifted
the children of israel departed and in the
where the cloud stopped there
the children of Israel 18 camped at
mandate of jehovah the sons of israel
they left and at the command of Jehovah they camped
every day that the cloud was about
the tabernacle remained encamped 19
when the cloud stopped on the
tabernacle many days then the
children of israel kept the ordinance
jehovah and they did not depart 20 and when the cloud
I was over the tabernacle a few days
to the command of Jehovah they camped and
mandate of jehová departed 21 and when the
cloud stopped from the afternoon until the
tomorrow or when in the morning the cloud will
I raised them they left or they had
been a day and at night the cloud
raised then they departed 22 or if two
days or a month or a year while the cloud
he stopped over the tabernacle
the children of
Israel were still camped and did not move
more when she stood up they left
well this is all for this video I hope
they liked it remember the motto of
this channel inform yourself and inform this is
important share this video and
remember that I will be uploading videos almost
daily if you want to be up to date with
They subscribe to my good channel is me
they take care